Take 1 shot 
Take 2 shots
Take 3 shots
Finish your drink 
Give 1 shot
Give 2 shots
Give 3 shots
Say “I’m the a little fem boy” to someone random in this instance — or take 2 shots.
Switch to your weirdest avatar and stay in it for 5 minutes — or take 3 sips.
Pretend to kiss with the person next to you for 20 secs — or take 1 shots.
Tops Drink!
Bottoms Drink!
Switch Drink!
Americans (gringos) Drink!
Latinos Drink!
Confess something embarrassing about yourself — or take 4 shots.
Full Body users take 2 shots.
Tell the hottest person in the room that you want their number or telegram — or take 3 shots. If you already have it, take 5 shots
Pick someone and tell them to finish their drink
Sing the most annoying song now! — or take 1 shots.
Pretend to be the person next to you — or take 3 sips.
Compliment someone in the cringiest way possible — or take 5 sips.
Pretend to have a crush on someone in the lobby — or take 4 shots.
Run to Rom Howler and scream HAPPY BIRTHDAY real loud! — or take 4 sips.
Pretend your avatar is broken and flop around — or take 5 sips.
Act like Rom Howler — or take 3 sips.
Send a friend request to the first stranger you see — or take 3 shots.
Drink if you had sex in the past month
Take 3 shots if you had sex today
Fuck, Marry Kill, people at the table — or take 4 sips.
Try to seduce someone using only your avatar’s gestures — or take 3 shots.
Do a bad impression of another player, everybody you pick takes 1 shot — or you take 3 sips.
Pick someone to drink every time you drink till your next turn
Act like you’re in a horror movie and scream — or take 6 sips.
Sit on someone’s lap (or closest equivalent) — or take 3 shots.
Do a cringey anime roleplay line — or take 5 sips.
Pretend you’re a different animal — or take 6 sips.
You’re safe! Every time you have to drink, pick someone to drink instead of you till your next turn
Give a shot to your top 3 hottest people at the table or take 3 shots
Pretend to be a dad to the person next to you — or take 4 sips.
You just got canceled! Expose what you did wrong! — or take 4 sips.
EVERYBODY TAKES A SHOT!
Pretend to flirt with someones bf/gf in front of their bf/gf — or take 3 shots.
Take 6 shots if you had ERP on Vr - give 6 if you have never
Pretend to serenade someone with your voice — or take 3 shots.
Pretend to act shy and blush at everyone — or take 6 sips.
Take a shot if you know who Rom Howler is
Take 5 shots if you DON’T know who the fuck Rom Howler is
Stand in silence and stare at someone for 30 seconds — or take 3 shots.
Everyone who has spent over 1000 USD on art or commissions, drink (Art, VRC avatars and worlds, VTubers)
Say the most cursed pickup line you can think of — or take 2 shots.
Point to the person who you think is the best bottom — or take 5 sips.
Point to the person who you think is the best top — or take 5 sips.
Point to the person who you think is the worst bottom  — or take 5 sips.
Point to the person who you think is the worst top — or take 5 sips.
Pretend you’re married to the person across from you — or take 2 shots.
Pretend your avatar is malfunctioning and scream “HELP” — or take 6 sips.
Take a shot for every instrument you know how to decently play
Give your number or Telegram to the hottest person at the table. If they already have it, you and they can drink.
Pretend to confess your darkest VRChat habit — or take 3 shots.
Pretend you’re doing a drunk karaoke performance — or take 2 shots.
Take one sip of your drink for every porn website you have an account in (e621, pornhub, xvideos, etc)
Pretend you’re in a telenovela break-up scene — or take 2 shots.
Pretend to do a striptease (as much as your avatar can) — or take 2 shots.
Latinos! Give 5 drinks
Americans! Give 5 drinks
If your birthday is in May, drink
Give a drink to someone you don't know at the table. If you know everybody, take 3 drinks
Take a shot if you masturbated before coming
Sex toy owners drink!
Take a shot if you ever got cancelled. Give 1 if you never had
Drink if you think you’re going to black out tonight
Take a shot if you are part of the Chromathicc Club
Drink if you had ERP with someone at the table
Drink if you speak Spanish!
Drink if you speak English
Just drink goddamit…
Drink if you have been arrested or detained
Drink if a family member has ever caught you having sex or masturbating
Get a free sketch from Rom Howler (just available for the first person getting this)
Give 5 shots if you used protection last time you had sex - Take 5 shots if you didnt
